5
Everyone will start with 7 cards in their hands.
In every round, players can only play cards that are either the same colour, the same number, or the same action type with the card that was previously played on top of the discard pile. 
If you do not have any valid cards, you will need to draw a card. You may choose to play or keep the drawn card if it is valid. You may also choose to draw a card even if you have valid cards to play.
Some cards have effects which skip players, reverse the rotation order, change the current colour, and force other players to draw cards if played. The first person to rid all their cards wins the game.
Remember to call out "Uno" if you have only one card remaining, no matter the circumstance. If a player forgets to call Uno, another player may call Uno as well to punish them. Players who are punished must draw 2 cards.

N
This is a number card. You can play this card when it matches the same colour or number as the last card played. 
When this card is played, no effects take place.

F
This is a wild plus four card. You can play this card anytime. 
When this card is played, the next player must draw four cards and their turn will be skipped. The current player can also choose to change the current colour of the game.

T
This is a plus two card. You can play this card when it matches the same colour as the last card played, or if the previous card is also a plus two. 
When this card is played, the next player must draw two cards and their turn will be skipped.

R
This is a reverse card. You can play this card when it matches the same colour as the pervious card, or if the last card played is also a reverse. 
When this card is played, it will change the game rotaiton from clockwise to counter-clockwise or vice versa.

S
This is a skip card. You can play this card when it matches the same colour as the previous card played, or if the last card is also a skip. 
When this card is played, it will skip the next player’s turn.

C
This is a colour change card. You can play this card anytime. 
When this card is played, the current player can change the current colour of the game.
